# Introduction-to-Data-Signal-and-Image-Analysis-with-MATLAB-Coursera-Answers
Introduction to Data, Signal, and Image Analysis with MATLAB Welcome to Introduction to Data, Signal, and Image Analysis with MATLAB!       MATLAB is an extremely versatile programming language for data, signal, and image analysis tasks, including hundreds if not thousands of functions. With such a comprehensive tool set, knowing where to start can be overwhelming. My goal is to help you learn the basics, with video lessons and assignments that introduce you to  the most fundamental functions, show you how to write new code, and demonstrate how to learn how to use functions you have not used before. This course is designed to introduce data, signal, and image processing and analysis to students who have little or no experience with data and signals but have basic programming experience in the MATLAB programming language, for example, those who have completed the Introduction to Programming with Matlab course. The level is targeted at first-year college students and high school seniors, but really this course is suitable for anybody who wants to learn about data and signal analysis and has experience with linear algebra. The length of the course is five weeks. As shown below, that includes four weeks of video lectures plus an extra week for a final project submission.   Schedule Week 1: Introduction    Week 2: Data analysis in Matlab   Week 3: Signal analysis in Matlab  Week 4: Image analysis in Matlab  Week 5: Course Project    Course objectives After completing this course, a learner will be able to use MATLAB to…    Understand how signals, images, and data are represented    Load and save datasets  Visualize high dimensional data  Apply machine learning methods for data classification  Perform signal frequency analysis  Design signal and image filters  Process and analyze image content
